[WIP] Add broadcast_double constructor template (#515)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/introduction/templates.rst

        <div style='clear:both'></div>

.. _intro_ref_temp_constr:

Broadcasting function
---------------------

PennyLane offers a broadcasting function to easily construct templates. :func:`~.broadcast`

> takes other templates (or single quantum operations) and applies them to wires in a specific structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
takes other templates (or single quantum operations) and applies them to wires in a specific pattern.
```

Reviewer: Or a comparable wording, this minor suggestion is mainly aimed at using the final chosen word from the signature of `broadcast`

        <div style='clear:both'></div>

.. _intro_ref_temp_constr:

Template constructors
---------------------

> Template constructors are a special type of template that takes other templates (or single quantum operations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Template constructors are special types of templates that take other templates (or single quantum operations)
```

        <div style='clear:both'></div>

.. _intro_ref_temp_constr:

Broadcasting function
---------------------

PennyLane offers a broadcasting function to easily construct templates. :func:`~.pennylane.templates.broadcast`
takes other templates (or single quantum operations) and applies them to wires in a specific structure.

.. customgalleryitem::

>     :link: ../code/api/pennylane.templates.broadcast.html

Author: Oh I understand now - since I am not importing an automodule, it does not get rendered and putinto the ``api`` folder...Thanks!

    init_torch = torch.tensor(init_pars)
    init_tf = tf.Variable(init_pars)

> The initialization functions can be found in the API of the :mod:`~.pennylane.init` module.

Author: Could not resist to delete those...

    init_torch = torch.tensor(init_pars)
    init_tf = tf.Variable(init_pars)

> The initialization functions can be found in the User API `~pennylane.init`.

Author: Should have done this in a separate PR, but I wanted to delete this unwieldy list since a while and could not resist...

    init_torch = torch.tensor(init_pars)
    init_tf = tf.Variable(init_pars)

> The initialization functions can be found in the :mod:`~.pennylane.init` module.

Reviewer: One thing that came to my mind here: could you perhaps organize this small change into a separate PR? I'm super happy to approve it right away :blush: 

One of the reasons for this would be cutting down the size of this one, such that more emphasis can be put on viewing and reviewing the changes related to `broadcast`. Also, it would be easy to find this small change in the list of merged PRs. :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: You are so right :)
